# Roots Safe Box
RootsSafeBox is a collection of Ethereum smart contracts for creating and managing safe box accounts.

Every safe box account has a destination address and safe time.
Everybody could send tokens or ether to RootsSafeBox contract. This tokens and ether will be withdrawn to destination address only after safe time will come.

This repository contains the source of two types of smart contracts:

## RootsSafeBox
This is a smart contract of a single instance of the safe box.
It includes the following functions and properties:

 - **destinationAddress** - address that receive all tokens and ether from current safe box;
 - **safeTime** - time (in unix timestamp) until nobody can not withdraw money  from current safe box;
 - **changeSafeTime(uint256 _safeTime)** - change the safe time, this function can call only the owner (who create safe box contract);
 - **withdrawToken()** and withdrawToken(address _tokenAddress) - transfer Roots tokens and some other tokens from safe box account to destination address;
 - **withdrawEth()** - transfer ether from safe box account to destination address.

## RootsSafeBoxFactory
This is a factory for generating safe box accounts.
Includes such functions and properties:

 - **tokenAddress** - default token address (Roots token address)
 - **boxes** and **boxesAddr** - list of all safe boxes generated by current fabric;
 - **numBoxes()** - number of all safe boxes;
 - **create(address _destinationAddress, uint256 _safeTime)** - create new safe box for destination address and safe time.

